The devtools directory is a collection of tools and utilities used to create
and package a PDF::Table distribution. I've moved them to here so that they
can be preserved on GitHub and not be lost should I disappear from the scene,
and my (hopefully erased) laptop ends up at a thrift shop! I hope that they 
will help whoever takes over this repository (as well as anyone forking it) to 
hit the ground running.

These tools are not intended to be shipped with the product (e.g., the CPAN
package), but are just being kept with the rest of the code. PDFbuild.pl is
the only one that needs to be explicitly run, once you have "version" set up.
The output is a CPAN-ready PDF-Table-1.xxx.tar.gz package file.

There is also an "html2php.pl" utility to take .html files produced locally by
tools/buildDoc.pl, and create a set of PHP files for clean web display. Note
however, that these use a library of my own (see catskilltech.com); you would
need to rewrite the page prologues and epilogues to use a different library.

Note that these use Windows commands and batch files, and assume we're using
Strawberry Perl; if you develop on Linux or other, you will need to update the 
code to use proper Linux commands and directory structures.

  copy -> cp -p
  xcopy [/s] -> [recursively] copy according to a filename template, possibly
                with find, for, and cp -p
  rename -> mv
  attrib -> chmod (+R make read-only, -R make read-write, else just list
                   permissions/attributes (R)ead-only, (A)rchive bit set, 
                   (S)ystem file, (H)idden file, etc.)
  findstr -> grep
  erase -> rm
  mkdir -> mkdir

  7z.exe is the tar/gzip/zip file packager "7-Zip" available on the web, and 
installed into \Program Files\7-Zip. If you cannot obtain it, you will need to
replace various calls to produce tar files, compress with gzip, or (possibly)
produce .zip files. Part of the packaging flow is to create a .tar file from
the directory, then compress it as .tar.gz. 7z (and gzip) handle these tasks.

  dos2unix.exe is a utility found on the web (IIRC, as part of a local Git
installation), and installed under \Program Files\Git. It reformats DOS style
text file line-ends (CRLF) to Unix style (NL).

When running devtools\TableBuild.pl in your local Desktop\PDF-Table\, and are
asked yes/no/all for a group copy or other action, answer 'all'. When all is 
done, and you're satisfied that a usable .tar.gz package file has been 
created, you will then delete several directories (Desktop\temp\, blib\) and
a bunch of newly created files (PDF-Table-x.xxx.tar, Makefile, MYMETA.*, 
pm2blib, etc.), AFTER moving PDF-Table-x.xxx.tar.gz to a safe place. 
PDFbuild.pl is the script to run to produce the .tar.gz file -- the rest are 
called from it (except for docs/buildDoc.pl to create HTML documentation, and
html2php.pl to create PHP for website use). Notice that several files will be 
updated with VERSION numbers, prerequisite versions, etc., and they will need 
to be updated in your Git (or other source) repository.

The use of gzip.bat in the produced Makefile gets updated in PDFbuild.pl to get 
an explicit "devtools\" path prepended to it. On a Linux system, you may have 
to brew up something different (may not even need a gzip.bat).
